in normal sense, class in Java is a collection of the code. However, How you can understand 'class' depends on
what kind of class we are talking about. We have a two kinds of classes, the one that is used under normal Java development
to write a code with methods, variables, loops, constructors, Objects and second one is low level class format.
Basically, high-level source code that we write uses .java file extension when class that holds low level Bytecode uses
extension of .class file. The difference between low-level code and high-level source code is that low-level code is understood
by the machine when high-level source is readable, understandable for the humans. Of course humans can read low-level code
but they mostly won't understand anything bayond numbers or cryptic symbols. when we compile our code, the Java compiler
generates .class file from high-level source code (.java file):
.java file -> compiler -> .class file.
Low-level .class file that represents Java bytecode is located inside of the jar file, However Its important to understand that we don't Decompile
during Development, it is different and seperate process. that bytecode is what makes java programs/apps platform-independent because
normally they get used by JVM to run the program/app. Normally bytecode is working but it is kind of slow, so JVM provides
JIT (Just in Time) Compiler which turns hot, frequently used code lines from bytecode into native machine code and improves performance of the code. that can run faster but mostly
heavy work is done by Hotspot, the JVM's implementation that works on generating native machine code as well but also on different
known features such as profiling, dead code enlimiation, speculative optimization, Tiered compilation, Escape Analysis,
They mostly come from Hotspot. of course both JIT and Hotspot are efficient and both of them do profiling but
in a slightly different ways. JIT does profiling (performance tracking) locally to work on hot, frequently executed code lines and code's performance
when Hotspot does much more profiling with precision. on December 11 of 2006, class file format was modified under
JSR (Java Specification Request) 202.
Simple way to declare class:
public class Main {
      // methods, constructors go here, PSVM (main method) as well. variables that can be declared as member/global variables.
}
analyzed from source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_class_file
